How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help
you see the bug that was introduced?

Seeing only difference helps us find bugs cause of focusing 
our attention only on changed parts. We don't need to see what is 
the rest of code if that part wasn't changed our attention on it is unecessery.
If we know that our previous version was correct and new version works uncorrect
then the bug lies in changes. It makes finding bugs super fast. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a
file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If you make some big mistake or remove some part of important code you can
easy recover that part. It gives you also safety, view on way how you
develop your program. You can easy return to every moment of your developing
moment and write without worries. There are only pros of doing in that way.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

It gives you control on commit content. You can be shure that
that this content contains logical changes, not just
partly ended functions, features. But it also requires from
you some widsom about when you should make commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

In Git we works on projects. Projects is made from a lot of files.
Changes in one file can affect on different file.
That files are related so we want to commit changes in one commit
In Google Docs all files are treated separatly cause there 
is not any logical connection between files we can edit only
one file in time. We can't save lot files at once like in git.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log gives us view on all commits (top - bottom | the newest - the oldest).
We can see all commit messages, commit author...
Then if we want to see specific changes between 2 files we use
git diff <older> <newer>. We can see there which lines was added/ deleted

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?

You can easily return to previous version when everything worked perfectly and find your mistakes. Then jump back to latest commit and just fix bug. You don't have to worry about it cause all mistakes can be localized and reverted based on previous commits.
